Dear Ruchiradama  Quandra Sukhapur,

   Hello, dear sister of and as the Heart.  I am writing to you today to tell you of my secret, though it is an open secret and given freely to all those who are in need of it, today is the day I need to make a special specific gesture to reveal it in this personal way to you.  I recognize your special dedication to the life and work of Avatar Adi da Samraj, your love and work to serve the Great Beloved is a shining example of how beautiful the guru/devotee relationship is.
   I have been waiting to reveal to you my life and relationship to our Great Beloved.  I have been his open secret, living a quiet life revealing to a small circle of friends the beauty of this realization of Already Happy and acknowledging Avatar Adi Da as the Source and Source Transmission.  Since the dropping of Avatar Adi Da's body, I have met a few leaders of Adidam and enjoyed the news of their life with Adi Da.  I also felt their grief in His Passing and their struggle to carry on with the great purpose of continuing to serve Beloved's work.  They all felt that at a certain date it would be a good occasion for the two of us to meet.  They did not know how to bring this about and today I felt Beloved’s internal urging to open up my arms and heart to you.  I am asking for nothing, except to offer my love for Beloved to you and hopefully you will feel my love towards you as well.
   I did not know of any way to bring you my offering of love, it occurred to me to use my website as a means to accomplish this.  This website includes both my story of my life and recognition of Adi Da and some of my artwork that I have been doing for over twenty years.  It will tell my story so to speak so you can understand my relationship with Beloved.  It has been a great mystery why He has kept me his open secret.  The Divine works in very mysterious ways and Its wisdom cannot, at times, be revealed and even when it is revealed, at times, we can not understand it.  For many years I have been frustrated at Beloved's impulse for me to come forward and at the same time Beloved has blocked this from happening. This has served me to serve his work in my own way, which has strengthened my work and life in so many positive ways.  Often I have received His instruction via dreams and visions. He often worked in dreams to bring about a connection between us.  In the early period of this internal work you would accept his instruction to ‘go hang out’ with Santosha to accomplish his instruction.  In the later periods we slowly learned to accept this arrangement of being thrown together by Beloved and began to enjoy a natural friendship based on our love of Adi Da.  Perhaps you have some feeling of me, I don’t know.  All I can say is I am here for you and I offer my service of open heart to you.  It stands , I am happy.
                                                          Your sister,
                                                           Always love, always the 
                                                            Avatar Adi Da Samraj
